we're currently in Al masasi area in
kanun where here behind me the Israeli
artillery shelled this area last night
at least eight Palestinians have been
killed they have been homeless and
displaced in this St let's take a closer
look where these plastic houses were
turned into their shelter for the past
couple of months after the Israeli
forces asked the people in kanun to
evacuate to Alas area people thought
that this was a safe area where they
could spend Ramadan here and we saw here
they uh made all the preparations for
Ramadan and they made their clay um uh
stove and unfortunately it got affected
severely damaged by the Israeli shelling
not only Palestinian civilians were
killed but also animals where there has
been sheep uh killed where we know that
Gaza has been in a risk of famine and
people are trying to find any source of
food at least 20 families took this
place as their house after they
evacuated from kanun and now they are
re-evacuation again not knowing where
they will go they're telling us that
tomorrow is the first day of Ramadan
they were supposed to have their meal to
gather more than 30,000 Palestinians are
missing and they're going to be missing
on ifar meals during Ramadan Palestinian
families welcome Ramadan with their
tears and heartbreaks this year this is
hind
alun alasi area